The significane of this paper in relation to the development of a tutorial that shows the difference between OMNI versus MASE is not so much in the actual methodology
implied and proposed for anomaly detection using joint inferance, but rather in the demonstration via simulations of differences in performance in the two embedding methodologies. 

Indeed, understanding the reason why MASE outperforms OMNI in certain simulations and viceversa is important in the development of the intended tutorial and this paper highlights 
very clearly what may cause this difference in performance. 

Leaving out the majority of the details regarding the actual methodology proposed, the paper essentially demonstrates that MASE can be more powerful in anomaly detection of time 
series graphs in which the community structure remains fairly similar or identical accros time. Instead, in the case in which much greater variability between structure and 
communities is present, OMNI appears to perform better in anomaly detection.

This is explained by the COSIE Assumption which underlies MASE. In fact any latent position matrix X can be decomposed as X(t) = V(t) * S(t)(by QR decomposition for example). 
The left invariant subspace V can be thought of as the underlying community structure of the graph upon which S can then cause variations on the given V structure. 

There may be three main cases of variations over time of the latent position matrix:

1) V is fairly constant: X(t) = V * S(t). In such case MASE performs better due to the fact that the COSIE assumption presupposes similar structure between each graph.

2) V varies only at specific time interval. Therefore, X(t) = V(t) * S(t) for some t = 1,2, ... p while for the remaining times it is just like 1. In this case, inferences based 
upon MASE lose some of their power due to the violation of COSIE assumption.

3) V varies continously over time. Therefore, X(t) = V(t) * S(t) at every time point. In this case, OMNI will perform better as it doesn't make any assumption of the structure of 
graphs and therefore it is better suited for embedding of graphs with different structures. Which is also why it outperforms MASE in community detection tasks

The simulations performed, essentially confirm these ideas
